## Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)

### 1. Introduction and Basis of Presentation

## The Firm

Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. Morgan Stanley operates as an Integrated Firm whereby it serves clients holistically across its business segments. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Morgan Stanley” or the “Firm” mean Morgan Stanley (the “Parent Company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries. See the “Glossary of Common Terms and Acronyms” for the definition of certain terms and acronyms used throughout this Form 10-Q.

A description of the clients and principal products and services of each of the Firm's business segments is below. Through the Integrated Firm some of our clients may use the products and services of more than one of our business segments.

Institutional Securities provides a variety of products and services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and ultra-high net worth clients. Investment Banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including the underwriting of debt, equity securities and other products, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings and project finance. Our Markets business, which comprises Equity and Fixed Income, provides sales, financing, prime brokerage, market-making, and Asia wealth management services and holds certain business-related investments. Lending activities include originating corporate loans and commercial real estate loans, providing secured lending facilities, and extending securities-based and other financing to clients. Other activities include research.

Wealth Management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors, including high and ultra-high net worth individuals, and businesses and institutions. Wealth Management supports clients through three channels: Advisor-Led, Self-Directed and Workplace. Wealth Management includes: financial advisor-led brokerage, investment advisory, custody, cash management, and administrative services; self-directed brokerage services; financial and wealth planning services; workplace services, including stock plan administration; securities-based lending, residential and commercial real estate loans and other lending products; banking; and retirement plan services.

Investment Management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. Strategies and products, which are offered through a variety of investment vehicles, include equity, fixed income, alternatives and solutions, and liquidity and overlay services. Institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. Individual clients are generally served through intermediaries, including affiliated and non-affiliated distributors.



## Basis of Financial Information

The financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the Firm to make estimates and assumptions regarding the valuations of certain financial instruments, the valuations of goodwill and intangible assets, the outcome of legal and tax matters, deferred tax assets, ACL, and other matters that affect its financial statements and related disclosures. The Firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.

The Notes are an integral part of the Firm's financial statements. The Firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements through the date of this report and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto.

The accompanying financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Firm's financial statements and notes thereto included in the 2025 Form 10-K. Certain footnote disclosures included in the 2025 Form 10-K have been condensed or omitted from these financial statements as they are not required for interim reporting under U.S. GAAP. The financial statements reflect all adjustments of a normal, recurring nature that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the results for the interim period. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year.

## Consolidation

The financial statements include the accounts of the Firm, its wholly owned subsidiaries and other entities in which the Firm has a controlling financial interest, including certain VIEs (see Note 14). Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. For consolidated subsidiaries that are not wholly owned, the third-party holdings of equity interests are referred to as Noncontrolling interests. The net income attributable to Noncontrolling interests for such subsidiaries is presented as Net income applicable to noncontrolling interests in the income statement. The portion of shareholders' equity that is attributable to Noncontrolling interests for such