## Available Information

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that issuers file electronically with the SEC. Our electronic SEC filings are available to the public at the SEC’s website.

Our website is www.morganstanley.com. You can access our Investor Relations webpage at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-ir. We make available free of charge, on or through our Investor Relations webpage, our proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We also make available, through our Investor Relations webpage, via a link to the SEC's website, statements of beneficial ownership of our equity securities filed by our directors, officers, 10% or greater shareholders and others under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

You can access information about our corporate governance at www.morganstanley.com/about-us-governance. Our webpages include:

• Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;

• Amended and Restated Bylaws;

• Charters for our Audit Committee, Compensation, Management Development and Succession Committee, Governance and Sustainability Committee, Operations and Technology Committee, and Risk Committee;

• Corporate Governance Policies;

• Policy Regarding Corporate Political Activities;

• Policy Regarding Shareholder Rights Plan;

• Equity Ownership Commitment;

• Code of Ethics and Business Conduct;

• Code of Conduct; and

• Integrity Hotline Information.

Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applies to all directors, officers and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer and Controller. We will post any amendments to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange LLC on our website. You can request a copy of these documents, excluding exhibits, at no cost, by contacting Investor Relations, 1585 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 (212-761-4000). The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.