## Management's Discussion and Analysis

- Credit products revenues increased primarily due to higher results in inventory held to facilitate client activity and increased client activity across products, particularly on higher lending revenues in securitized products.

- Commodities products and other fixed income revenues increased primarily due to higher gains on inventory held to facilitate client activity and increased client activity in oil, power and gas products amid volatility in energy markets.

## Other Net Revenues

Other net revenues were $99 million in the current quarter, compared with $692 million in the prior year quarter, primarily driven by the absence of realized gains on the sale of corporate loans held-for-sale in the prior year quarter.

## Provision for Credit Losses

The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $92 million in the current quarter was primarily related to certain commercial real estate loans and increased macroeconomic uncertainty. The Provision for credit losses on loans and lending commitments of $91 million in the prior year quarter was primarily related to portfolio growth in secured lending facilities and corporate loans and deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook.

For further information on the Provision for credit losses, see “Credit Risk” herein.

## Non-Interest Expenses

Non-interest expenses of $6,468 million in the current quarter increased 15% from the prior year quarter, reflecting higher Non-compensation expenses and Compensation and benefits expenses.

• Compensation and benefits expenses increased primarily due to higher discretionary incentive compensation on higher revenues and higher stock-based compensation expense related to awards granted in prior periods.

- Non-compensation expenses increased primarily due to higher execution-related expenses.