## Table of Contents

## Management's Discussion and Analysis

conducting the 2026 supervisory stress test. As a result, the Federal Reserve has announced that the Firm is expected to remain subject to its current SCB requirement of 4.3% through October 1, 2027, at which time a new SCB requirement may apply based on the results of the supervisory stress test conducted in 2027. Together with other features of the regulatory capital framework, this SCB resulted in an aggregate Standardized Approach CET1 required ratio of 11.8%. If relevant, the Firm will provide updated information on applicable regulatory capital standards in response to a final rulemaking. See “Regulatory Developments and Other Matters—Proposed Changes to Capital Requirements” and “Regulatory Developments and Other Matters—Supervisory Stress Testing” herein.

For the 2026 capital planning and stress test cycle, we submitted our capital plan and company-run stress test results to the Federal Reserve on April 6, 2026. The Federal Reserve is expected to publish summary results of the CCAR and Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests of each large BHC, including us, by June 30, 2026. We are required to disclose a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests within 15 days of the days the Federal Reserve discloses the results of the supervisory stress tests.

For additional information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer” in the 2025 Form 10-K.

## Attribution of Average Common Equity According to the Required Capital Framework

The Required Capital framework is a risk-based and leverage-based capital measure, which is compared with our regulatory capital to ensure that we maintain an amount of going concern capital after absorbing potential losses from stress events, where applicable, at a point in time. The amount of capital allocated to the business segments is generally set at the beginning of each year and remains fixed throughout the year until the next annual reset unless a significant business change occurs (e.g., acquisition or disposition). We define the difference between our total average common equity and the sum of the average common equity amounts allocated to our business segments as Parent Company common equity. We generally hold Parent Company common equity for prospective regulatory requirements, organic growth, potential future acquisitions and other capital needs.

Our required capital (“Required Capital”) estimation is based on the Required Capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure. Common equity attribution to the business segments is based on capital usage calculated under the Required Capital framework, as well as each business segment's relative contribution to our total Required Capital.

Average Common Equity Attribution under the Required Capital Framework $ ^{1} $




<table border=1 style='margin: auto; word-wrap: break-word;'><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'></td><td colspan="2">Three Months Ended March 31,</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>$ in billions</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>2026</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>2025</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Institutional Securities</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>$ 48.2</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>$ 48.4</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Wealth Management</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>28.7</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>29.4</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Investment Management</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>10.2</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>10.6</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Parent Company</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>15.8</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>7.1</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Total</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>$ 102.9</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>$ 95.5</td></tr></table>

1. The attribution of average common equity to the business segments is a non-GAAP financial measure. See "Selected Non-GAAP Financial Information" herein.

We continue to evaluate our Required Capital framework with respect to the impact of evolving regulatory requirements, as appropriate.

## Resolution and Recovery Planning

We are required to submit once every two years to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC a resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of our material financial distress or failure. We submitted our 2025 targeted resolution plan on June 30, 2025.

As described in our most recent resolution plan, our preferred resolution strategy is an SPOE strategy, which would impose losses on the holders of eligible LTD and other forms of eligible TLAC issued by the Parent Company before any losses are imposed on creditors of our supported entities and without requiring taxpayer or government financial support.

For more information about resolution and recovery planning requirements and our activities in these areas, including the implications of such activities in a resolution scenario, see “Business—Supervision and Regulation—Financial Holding Company—Resolution and Recovery Planning,” “Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risk” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Resolution and Recovery Planning” in the 2025 Form 10-K.

## Regulatory Developments and Other Matters

## Proposed Changes to Capital Requirements

On April 17, 2025, the Federal Reserve proposed revisions to the SCB and CCAR frameworks applicable to us, aimed at reducing the volatility of the capital requirements stemming from the Federal Reserve's annual stress test results. Under the proposal, our SCB would be based, in part, on the average of the post-stress capital decline embedded in the Federal Reserve's stress test results over two consecutive years. Additionally, the proposal would shift the annual effective date of the revised SCB from October 1 to January 1 of the following year and modify certain elements of the Federal Reserve's CCAR program.