## Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of the Firm’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Firm conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Firm’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Firm’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.

No change in the Firm's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during the period covered by this report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Firm's internal control over financial reporting.

## Legal Proceedings

See “Contingencies—Legal” in Note 13 to the Financial Statements for information about our material legal proceedings.

## Risk Factors

For a discussion of the risk factors affecting the Firm, see "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of the 2025 Form 10-K.

## Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


<table border=1 style='margin: auto; word-wrap: break-word;'><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>in millions, except per share data</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Total Number of Shares Purchased $ ^{1} $</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Average Price Paid per Share</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Total Shares Purchased as Part of Share Repurchase Authorization $ ^{2,3} $</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Dollar Value of Remaining Authorized Repurchase</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>January</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>6,706,286</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>189.54</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>1,364,300</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>17,165</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>February</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>4,238,605</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>175.45</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>3,876,500</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>16,487</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>March</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>5,342,423</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>160.93</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>5,104,787</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>15,665</td></tr><tr><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>Three Months Ended March 31, 2026</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>16,287,314</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>176.49</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'>10,345,587</td><td style='text-align: center; word-wrap: break-word;'></td></tr></table>

1. Includes 5,941,727 shares acquired by the Firm in satisfaction of the tax withholding obligations on stock-based awards granted under the Firm's stock-based compensation plans during the three months ended March 31, 2026.

2. Share purchases under publicly announced authorizations are made pursuant to open-market purchases, Rule 10b5-1 plans or privately negotiated transactions (including with employee benefit plans) as market conditions warrant and at prices the Firm deems appropriate and may be suspended at any time.

3. On July 1, 2025, the Firm announced that its Board of Directors reauthorized a multi-year repurchase authorization of up to $20 billion of outstanding common stock (the "Share Repurchase Authorization"), without a set expiration date, beginning in the third quarter of 2025, which will be exercised from time to time as conditions warrant and is subject to limitations on distributions from the Federal Reserve. The Share Repurchase Authorization is for capital management purposes and considers, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as equity-based compensation and benefit plan requirements. For further information, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—Regulatory Requirements—Capital Plans, Stress Tests and the Stress Capital Buffer."

## Other Information

None.

## Exhibits

## Exhibit Description No

10.1 Eighth Amendment to Investor Agreement, dated April 13, 2026, between Morgan Stanley and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.

10.2  $ \underline{\text{Form of Award Certificate for Performance Stock Unit Awards.}} $

15  $ \underline{\text{Letter of awareness from Deloitte & Touche LLP, dated May 5, 2026, concerning unaudited interim financial information.}} $

31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.

31.2  $ \underline{\text{Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.}} $

32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.

32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.

101 Interactive Data Files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language ("Inline XBRL").

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

## Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

## MORGAN STANLEY (Registrant)

/s/ SHARON YESHAYA

Sharon Yeshaya

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

By:

/s/ VICTORIA WORSTER

Victoria Worster

Chief Accounting Officer and Controller

Date: May 5, 2026